Who are you?
Old Green Boat disciple Li Yao
The dog in this fish
It's the meet and greet gift you gave me.
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
Look at you
Beat to death for the master
But he doesn't even have the courage to elect you
I really think you're not
Like the kind of villain who only dares to hurt people behind their backs
It won't be a big deal
Presumptuous
I just scolded that
A villain who only dares to hurt people behind his back
Why are you so angry?
Are you the villain talking nonsense?
Master asked me to take down this madman for you
I, the front of Cloud Gate, became angry
This kid is really courting death
How could he possibly beat Senior Brother Li Yao?
I heard that you are good at knife skills
Killing you with a knife will dirty my knife
This is the arrogance of 20-year-old imprisonment
You trash
How can you understand genius?
You went to prison at the age of 20
Is genius
Then I was only 18
What is it?
Jailed at 18
Be ruthless and let them know
Two months ago.
Han Yang is still just a cripple in his dantian
They might even drop their jaws to the ground.
Haha, as expected of my big apprentice of Li Xuanyu
A 20-year-old man with a penetrating mirror dares to call himself a genius
So 18-year-old people who enter the fish bone mirror
Isn't it a super super genius?